docs/Features/dao-governance.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 7
icon: landmark
---

# DAO & Governance

Skatehive operates as a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) with treasuries on both Hive and Ethereum. The community collectively manages resources and makes decisions.

***

## 🏛️ Overview

Skatehive governance spans two blockchains:

* **Hive**: Community voting, rewards, witness
* **Ethereum (Base)**: NFT auctions, treasury, proposals

The DAO page shows treasury assets and governance links.

***

## 💰 Treasury Accounts

### Hive Accounts

| Account      | Purpose                |
| ------------ | ---------------------- |
| `skatehive`  | Main community account |
| `steemskate` | Legacy OG account      |
| `gnars`      | Gnars DAO integration  |

These accounts hold HIVE, HP, and HBD for community use.

### Ethereum Addresses

| Address         | Purpose                        |
| --------------- | ------------------------------ |
| `skatehive.eth` | Hot wallet for operations      |
| Base Multisig   | Cold storage (multi-signature) |

ETH and ERC-20 tokens are held for cross-chain initiatives.

***

## 🗳️ Nouns Builder

Skatehive uses **Nouns Builder** on Base network for NFT-based governance:

### How It Works

1. **Daily Auctions**: One NFT auctioned every 24 hours
2. **NFT = Vote**: Each NFT gives 1 vote in proposals
3. **Treasury**: Auction proceeds go to DAO treasury
4. **Proposals**: NFT holders can create and vote on proposals

### Participating

1. Win an NFT in a daily auction
2. Hold the NFT in your wallet
3. Vote on active proposals
4. Create proposals (if threshold met)

***

## 🔗 Governance Links

* **Nouns Builder**: [nouns.build/dao/base/0x...](https://nouns.build)
* **Base Network**: Proposals and voting on Base
* **Hive Witness**: Vote for `skatehive` witness

***

## 📊 DAO Assets Page

The webapp DAO page (`/dao`) shows:

### Current Display

* Treasury wallet addresses
* Links to view balances
* Governance portal links

> Note: The DAO assets page is marked "under construction" and may have limited functionality.

***

## 👁️ Witness Voting

On Hive, you can support Skatehive infrastructure:

1. Go to [Hive witness page](https://hivesigner.com/witnesses)
2. Find `skatehive` in the list
3. Vote for the witness
4. Your vote helps secure the network

Witness voters get a **+1,000 point boost** on the leaderboard!

***

## 💎 How to Contribute

### Financial

* **Donate to treasury**: Send to `skatehive` on Hive or `skatehive.eth` on Ethereum
* **Participate in auctions**: Bid on daily NFTs
* **Giveth donations**: Tracked and rewarded on leaderboard

### Governance

* **Vote on proposals**: If you hold NFTs
* **Create proposals**: Suggest community initiatives
* **Vote for witness**: Support Hive infrastructure

***

## 🏆 Gnars Integration

Skatehive integrates with **Gnars DAO**:

* Gnars NFT holders get leaderboard points
* Gnars votes contribute to your score
* Cross-community collaboration

***

## 💡 Tips

1. **Hold NFTs for voting power** - More NFTs = more votes
2. **Vote for witness** - Easy leaderboard boost
3. **Donate via Giveth** - Gets tracked on leaderboard
4. **Participate in proposals** - Shape the community

***

## ❓ FAQ

### How do I get voting power?

Win NFTs in daily auctions on Nouns Builder.

### What's the witness vote for?

Witnesses run Hive nodes that process transactions. Voting supports network security.

### Where do auction proceeds go?

100% to the DAO treasury for community use.

### Can I submit a proposal?

NFT holders can create proposals if they meet the threshold.

### Is there a token?

Skatehive uses NFTs for governance, not a separate token. HIVE/HBD are used for rewards.

***

**Join the DAO and help shape Skatehive's future! 🏛️🛹**

Commit message:

feat: prepare docs for LLM consumption (llms.txt standard)
Add complete infrastructure for AI-friendly documentation:

New Files:
- docs/skills.md - Machine-readable reference for AI agents with identity, contracts, platforms, repos, and tech stack
- static/robots.txt - LLM resource discovery per llmstxt.org standard
- LLM_SETUP_README.md - Complete guide for enabling llms.txt generation
- pnpm-lock.yaml - Lock file for pnpm package manager

Documentation Enhancements:
- Add description frontmatter to ALL 26 documentation files for AI discoverability
- Descriptions are keyword-rich, informative, and optimized for LLM queries
- Added 'For Bots' section to sidebar with skills.md

Plugin Configuration (Ready but Disabled):
- Install docusaurus-plugin-llms package
- Complete plugin config in docusaurus.config.js (commented out)
- Configured includeOrder matching Skatehive docs structure
- Configured customLLMFiles for targeted LLM retrieval:
  - llms-onboarding.txt (intro, account, getting started)
  - llms-features.txt (wallet, map, leaderboard, airdrop, etc.)
  - llms-developers.txt (forking, app features, Hive advanced)

Why Plugin is Disabled:
- Plugin requires Docusaurus 3.x
- Current version: 2.4.3
- Configuration ready to enable after upgrade

To Enable:
1. Upgrade: pnpm update @docusaurus/core@latest @docusaurus/preset-classic@latest
2. Uncomment plugin config in docusaurus.config.js
3. Build: pnpm build
4. Verify: ls -la build/llms*.txt

When enabled, AI agents can access:
- /llms.txt - Index of all docs with descriptions
- /llms-full.txt - Complete documentation in one file
- /llms-onboarding.txt - Getting started section
- /llms-features.txt - Platform features section
- /llms-developers.txt - Developer documentation section
- /docs/skills - Structured metadata page

Follows: https://llmstxt.org standard

docs/Features/dao-governance.md, after:

---
title: DAO Governance
sidebar_position: 7
description: "Skatehive operates as a Nouns Builder DAO on Base network. Participate in governance, vote on proposals, and contribute to community decision-making through decentralized mechanisms."
---
---

# DAO & Governance

Skatehive operates as a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) with treasuries on both Hive and Ethereum. The community collectively manages resources and makes decisions.

***

## 🏛️ Overview

Skatehive governance spans two blockchains:

* **Hive**: Community voting, rewards, witness
* **Ethereum (Base)**: NFT auctions, treasury, proposals

The DAO page shows treasury assets and governance links.

***

## 💰 Treasury Accounts

### Hive Accounts

| Account      | Purpose                |
| ------------ | ---------------------- |
| `skatehive`  | Main community account |
| `steemskate` | Legacy OG account      |
| `gnars`      | Gnars DAO integration  |

These accounts hold HIVE, HP, and HBD for community use.

### Ethereum Addresses

| Address         | Purpose                        |
| --------------- | ------------------------------ |
| `skatehive.eth` | Hot wallet for operations      |
| Base Multisig   | Cold storage (multi-signature) |

ETH and ERC-20 tokens are held for cross-chain initiatives.

***

## 🗳️ Nouns Builder

Skatehive uses **Nouns Builder** on Base network for NFT-based governance:

### How It Works

1. **Daily Auctions**: One NFT auctioned every 24 hours
2. **NFT = Vote**: Each NFT gives 1 vote in proposals
3. **Treasury**: Auction proceeds go to DAO treasury
4. **Proposals**: NFT holders can create and vote on proposals

### Participating

1. Win an NFT in a daily auction
2. Hold the NFT in your wallet
3. Vote on active proposals
4. Create proposals (if threshold met)

***

## 🔗 Governance Links

* **Nouns Builder**: [nouns.build/dao/base/0x...](https://nouns.build)
* **Base Network**: Proposals and voting on Base
* **Hive Witness**: Vote for `skatehive` witness

***

## 📊 DAO Assets Page

The webapp DAO page (`/dao`) shows:

### Current Display

* Treasury wallet addresses
* Links to view balances
* Governance portal links

> Note: The DAO assets page is marked "under construction" and may have limited functionality.

***

## 👁️ Witness Voting

On Hive, you can support Skatehive infrastructure:

1. Go to [Hive witness page](https://hivesigner.com/witnesses)
2. Find `skatehive` in the list
3. Vote for the witness
4. Your vote helps secure the network

Witness voters get a **+1,000 point boost** on the leaderboard!

***

## 💎 How to Contribute

### Financial

* **Donate to treasury**: Send to `skatehive` on Hive or `skatehive.eth` on Ethereum
* **Participate in auctions**: Bid on daily NFTs
* **Giveth donations**: Tracked and rewarded on leaderboard

### Governance

* **Vote on proposals**: If you hold NFTs
* **Create proposals**: Suggest community initiatives
* **Vote for witness**: Support Hive infrastructure

***

## 🏆 Gnars Integration

Skatehive integrates with **Gnars DAO**:

* Gnars NFT holders get leaderboard points
* Gnars votes contribute to your score
* Cross-community collaboration

***

## 💡 Tips

1. **Hold NFTs for voting power** - More NFTs = more votes
2. **Vote for witness** - Easy leaderboard boost
3. **Donate via Giveth** - Gets tracked on leaderboard
4. **Participate in proposals** - Shape the community

***

## ❓ FAQ

### How do I get voting power?

Win NFTs in daily auctions on Nouns Builder.

### What's the witness vote for?

Witnesses run Hive nodes that process transactions. Voting supports network security.

### Where do auction proceeds go?

100% to the DAO treasury for community use.

### Can I submit a proposal?

NFT holders can create proposals if they meet the threshold.

### Is there a token?

Skatehive uses NFTs for governance, not a separate token. HIVE/HBD are used for rewards.

***

**Join the DAO and help shape Skatehive's future! 🏛️🛹**
