docs/Advance/hive-witness.md, before:

---
title: Hive Witness
sidebar_position: 9
icon: server
---

# How to Vote for the Skatehive Witness on the Hive Blockchain

The Hive Blockchain is a decentralized platform that operates with witnesses to keep the network secure and functional. Voting for a witness, such as Skatehive, helps support initiatives that promote decentralization and creativity within the skateboarding community.

***

## Step 1: The Easiest Way—Vote with Skatehive App

**New users can now vote for the Skatehive witness using a much simpler method:**

1. Visit [skatehive.app/witness](https://skatehive.app/witness)
2. Log in with your Hive account using your preferred sign-in method (Hive Keychain, Ecency, etc.).
3. Click the vote button next to the Skatehive witness to cast your vote.
4. Follow any prompts to authorize the transaction using Hive Keychain or your chosen wallet.
5. Done! Verify your vote on the same page.

> **Tip:** This method is recommended for new users because it’s streamlined, mobile-friendly, and guides you through the process directly.

***

<img width="691" height="438" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/86df6408-d828-44ae-b77a-d72b083d6dbf" />


## Alternative Methods

If you prefer using other Hive platforms or clients, you can still vote for Skatehive witness via PeakD, Hive Blog, or directly with Hive Keychain.

### Option A: Using PeakD or Hive Blog

1. Go to [PeakD](https://peakd.com) or [Hive Blog](https://hive.blog).
2. Click on the menu or look for the "Witnesses" option.
    * On PeakD, it's in the left-hand sidebar.
    * On Hive Blog, access [https://hive.blog/~witnesses](https://hive.blog/~witnesses)
3. Search for "**skatehive**" in the witness list (Ctrl + F for quick search).
4. Or use this direct link (must be logged in): [https://peakd.com/me/witnesses](https://peakd.com/me/witnesses)
5. Click the vote button next to "skatehive" and confirm your action (Hive Keychain will prompt you to authorize).
6. Verify your vote in your active witness votes.

### Option B: Hive Keychain Extension

- Download and install Hive Keychain (browser extension).
- Log in and navigate to a witness voting platform (such as skatehive.app/witness, PeakD, or Hive Blog).
- Search for "skatehive," click vote, and authorize via Hive Keychain.

***

### Final Tips

* **Why vote for Skatehive?** Skatehive is a witness that promotes the skateboarding community on the Hive Blockchain, fostering decentralization and creativity.
* **Vote limit:** Each account can vote for up to 30 witnesses. Use your votes wisely.
* **Get involved:** Join the Skatehive community and help strengthen the project.

Now that you know how to vote, support Skatehive and become part of this amazing community! 🛹

Commit message:

feat: prepare docs for LLM consumption (llms.txt standard)
Add complete infrastructure for AI-friendly documentation:

New Files:
- docs/skills.md - Machine-readable reference for AI agents with identity, contracts, platforms, repos, and tech stack
- static/robots.txt - LLM resource discovery per llmstxt.org standard
- LLM_SETUP_README.md - Complete guide for enabling llms.txt generation
- pnpm-lock.yaml - Lock file for pnpm package manager

Documentation Enhancements:
- Add description frontmatter to ALL 26 documentation files for AI discoverability
- Descriptions are keyword-rich, informative, and optimized for LLM queries
- Added 'For Bots' section to sidebar with skills.md

Plugin Configuration (Ready but Disabled):
- Install docusaurus-plugin-llms package
- Complete plugin config in docusaurus.config.js (commented out)
- Configured includeOrder matching Skatehive docs structure
- Configured customLLMFiles for targeted LLM retrieval:
  - llms-onboarding.txt (intro, account, getting started)
  - llms-features.txt (wallet, map, leaderboard, airdrop, etc.)
  - llms-developers.txt (forking, app features, Hive advanced)

Why Plugin is Disabled:
- Plugin requires Docusaurus 3.x
- Current version: 2.4.3
- Configuration ready to enable after upgrade

To Enable:
1. Upgrade: pnpm update @docusaurus/core@latest @docusaurus/preset-classic@latest
2. Uncomment plugin config in docusaurus.config.js
3. Build: pnpm build
4. Verify: ls -la build/llms*.txt

When enabled, AI agents can access:
- /llms.txt - Index of all docs with descriptions
- /llms-full.txt - Complete documentation in one file
- /llms-onboarding.txt - Getting started section
- /llms-features.txt - Platform features section
- /llms-developers.txt - Developer documentation section
- /docs/skills - Structured metadata page

Follows: https://llmstxt.org standard

docs/Advance/hive-witness.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
description: "How to run a Hive witness node, vote for witnesses, understand block production, and participate in Hive blockchain governance. Technical guide for supporting network security."
---
---

# How to Vote for the Skatehive Witness on the Hive Blockchain

The Hive Blockchain is a decentralized platform that operates with witnesses to keep the network secure and functional. Voting for a witness, such as Skatehive, helps support initiatives that promote decentralization and creativity within the skateboarding community.

***

## Step 1: The Easiest Way—Vote with Skatehive App

**New users can now vote for the Skatehive witness using a much simpler method:**

1. Visit [skatehive.app/witness](https://skatehive.app/witness)
2. Log in with your Hive account using your preferred sign-in method (Hive Keychain, Ecency, etc.).
3. Click the vote button next to the Skatehive witness to cast your vote.
4. Follow any prompts to authorize the transaction using Hive Keychain or your chosen wallet.
5. Done! Verify your vote on the same page.

> **Tip:** This method is recommended for new users because it’s streamlined, mobile-friendly, and guides you through the process directly.

***

<img width="691" height="438" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/86df6408-d828-44ae-b77a-d72b083d6dbf" />


## Alternative Methods

If you prefer using other Hive platforms or clients, you can still vote for Skatehive witness via PeakD, Hive Blog, or directly with Hive Keychain.

### Option A: Using PeakD or Hive Blog

1. Go to [PeakD](https://peakd.com) or [Hive Blog](https://hive.blog).
2. Click on the menu or look for the "Witnesses" option.
    * On PeakD, it's in the left-hand sidebar.
    * On Hive Blog, access [https://hive.blog/~witnesses](https://hive.blog/~witnesses)
3. Search for "**skatehive**" in the witness list (Ctrl + F for quick search).
4. Or use this direct link (must be logged in): [https://peakd.com/me/witnesses](https://peakd.com/me/witnesses)
5. Click the vote button next to "skatehive" and confirm your action (Hive Keychain will prompt you to authorize).
6. Verify your vote in your active witness votes.

### Option B: Hive Keychain Extension

- Download and install Hive Keychain (browser extension).
- Log in and navigate to a witness voting platform (such as skatehive.app/witness, PeakD, or Hive Blog).
- Search for "skatehive," click vote, and authorize via Hive Keychain.

***

### Final Tips

* **Why vote for Skatehive?** Skatehive is a witness that promotes the skateboarding community on the Hive Blockchain, fostering decentralization and creativity.
* **Vote limit:** Each account can vote for up to 30 witnesses. Use your votes wisely.
* **Get involved:** Join the Skatehive community and help strengthen the project.

Now that you know how to vote, support Skatehive and become part of this amazing community! 🛹
