docs/create-account.mdx, before:

---
position: 1
title: Create Account
---

# Join Skatehive

Skatehive is a global movement of skateboarders building together on the web.  
To join, you’ll need a web3 identity—either an Ethereum or Hive wallet. While Ethereum wallets are quick to set up, a Hive wallet unlocks the full Skatehive experience.

We know the process can feel a bit complex right now, but we’re actively working on ways to make joining even easier. For now, just follow the steps below—it’s worth it!

> 🛹 How to get an Hive Account

---


## Option 1: Buy an Account 

If you don’t have a friend to invite you, don’t worry — you can **buy your own Skatehive account** right now.

👉 Go to [base.skatehive.app](https://base.skatehive.app) and purchase your account using crypto.  
You’ll receive your credentials by email and be ready to join the cult.

---

## Option 2: Create an Invite

If you’re already a Skatehive member, you can invite friends to join.

1. **Click the Invite icon** on the top bar of [skatehive.app](https://skatehive.app) or go directly to [skatehive.app/invite](https://www.skatehive.app/invite)
2. Choose a **username** and enter their **email address**  
   ![Enter Username and Email](https://ipfs.skatehive.app/ipfs/QmXWnFG2EpEXpVLtLRYSnPPq5LLgDDoeJvLLmy6VwDnXhR)
3. Click **"Looks Good, Go For It"** and approve the Keychain transaction

Your friend will get an email with their Hive credentials.

---

## Step-by-Step: Logging In After Receiving the Email

Your friend will receive an email like this with their **Hive keys**:  
![skatehive-email](https://ipfs.skatehive.app/ipfs/QmdMtvUyP1ZX7NEZwknVWosuKsYvikxdHUipqM78Pyz7Wk)

### 🔐 Keep Your Keys Safe

- These keys give full access to the account.  
- If lost, they **cannot be recovered**.
- Skatehive does **not** store backups. You are responsible for them.

---

## Set Up Hive Keychain (Recommended)

We recommend using **Hive Keychain** for the most secure and smooth login experience.

- Download Hive Keychain here ->. https://hive-keychain.com/
### Set Up Keychain on Mobile

1. Create a PIN to unlock the app  
2. Tap **Use Keys/Password** and enter your **Master Password**  
3. Enter your **username** to log into Skatehive  

<center>
<img src="https://ipfs.skatehive.app/ipfs/bafybeiflu3bt3btb3tdvcbyyrt7ekeyjld2vqdbfd6xh2fzkydj6bxqdye?filename=skatehive.gif" alt="keychain.gif" style={{ maxWidth: '480px', width: '100%' }} />
</center>
After approval in Keychain, you're in.

---

## Alternative: Create a Hive Account Yourself

Want to bring your own Hive wallet?

1. Install **Hive Keychain**
2. Visit [hiveonboard.com/create-account](https://hiveonboard.com/create-account)
3. Follow the steps to create your Hive account
4. Use your new account to log into Skatehive

---

## Watch the Video

Here’s a quick video walkthrough if you prefer learning visually:

<div style={{ display: 'flex', justifyContent: 'center', margin: '20px 0' }}>
  <video width="600" controls>
    <source src="https://ipfs.skatehive.app/ipfs/QmYuM1h51bddDuC44FoAQYp9FRF2CghCncULeS4T3bp727" type="video/mp4" />
    Your browser does not support the video tag.
  </video>
</div>

---

**Now you’re ready to skate the web. Welcome to the Hive.**

Commit message:

feat: prepare docs for LLM consumption (llms.txt standard)
Add complete infrastructure for AI-friendly documentation:

New Files:
- docs/skills.md - Machine-readable reference for AI agents with identity, contracts, platforms, repos, and tech stack
- static/robots.txt - LLM resource discovery per llmstxt.org standard
- LLM_SETUP_README.md - Complete guide for enabling llms.txt generation
- pnpm-lock.yaml - Lock file for pnpm package manager

Documentation Enhancements:
- Add description frontmatter to ALL 26 documentation files for AI discoverability
- Descriptions are keyword-rich, informative, and optimized for LLM queries
- Added 'For Bots' section to sidebar with skills.md

Plugin Configuration (Ready but Disabled):
- Install docusaurus-plugin-llms package
- Complete plugin config in docusaurus.config.js (commented out)
- Configured includeOrder matching Skatehive docs structure
- Configured customLLMFiles for targeted LLM retrieval:
  - llms-onboarding.txt (intro, account, getting started)
  - llms-features.txt (wallet, map, leaderboard, airdrop, etc.)
  - llms-developers.txt (forking, app features, Hive advanced)

Why Plugin is Disabled:
- Plugin requires Docusaurus 3.x
- Current version: 2.4.3
- Configuration ready to enable after upgrade

To Enable:
1. Upgrade: pnpm update @docusaurus/core@latest @docusaurus/preset-classic@latest
2. Uncomment plugin config in docusaurus.config.js
3. Build: pnpm build
4. Verify: ls -la build/llms*.txt

When enabled, AI agents can access:
- /llms.txt - Index of all docs with descriptions
- /llms-full.txt - Complete documentation in one file
- /llms-onboarding.txt - Getting started section
- /llms-features.txt - Platform features section
- /llms-developers.txt - Developer documentation section
- /docs/skills - Structured metadata page

Follows: https://llmstxt.org standard

docs/create-account.mdx, after:

---
position: 1
title: Create Account
description: "Complete guide to creating a Skatehive account: buy with ETH/USDC, get invited by a friend, or use 3rd-party services. Step-by-step instructions for Hive wallet setup and Ethereum wallet connection."
---

# Join Skatehive

Skatehive is a global movement of skateboarders building together on the web.  
To join, you’ll need a web3 identity—either an Ethereum or Hive wallet. While Ethereum wallets are quick to set up, a Hive wallet unlocks the full Skatehive experience.

We know the process can feel a bit complex right now, but we’re actively working on ways to make joining even easier. For now, just follow the steps below—it’s worth it!

> 🛹 How to get an Hive Account

---


## Option 1: Buy an Account 

If you don’t have a friend to invite you, don’t worry — you can **buy your own Skatehive account** right now.

👉 Go to [base.skatehive.app](https://base.skatehive.app) and purchase your account using crypto.  
You’ll receive your credentials by email and be ready to join the cult.

---

## Option 2: Create an Invite

If you’re already a Skatehive member, you can invite friends to join.

1. **Click the Invite icon** on the top bar of [skatehive.app](https://skatehive.app) or go directly to [skatehive.app/invite](https://www.skatehive.app/invite)
2. Choose a **username** and enter their **email address**  
   ![Enter Username and Email](https://ipfs.skatehive.app/ipfs/QmXWnFG2EpEXpVLtLRYSnPPq5LLgDDoeJvLLmy6VwDnXhR)
3. Click **"Looks Good, Go For It"** and approve the Keychain transaction

Your friend will get an email with their Hive credentials.

---

## Step-by-Step: Logging In After Receiving the Email

Your friend will receive an email like this with their **Hive keys**:  
![skatehive-email](https://ipfs.skatehive.app/ipfs/QmdMtvUyP1ZX7NEZwknVWosuKsYvikxdHUipqM78Pyz7Wk)

### 🔐 Keep Your Keys Safe

- These keys give full access to the account.  
- If lost, they **cannot be recovered**.
- Skatehive does **not** store backups. You are responsible for them.

---

## Set Up Hive Keychain (Recommended)

We recommend using **Hive Keychain** for the most secure and smooth login experience.

- Download Hive Keychain here ->. https://hive-keychain.com/
### Set Up Keychain on Mobile

1. Create a PIN to unlock the app  
2. Tap **Use Keys/Password** and enter your **Master Password**  
3. Enter your **username** to log into Skatehive  

<center>
<img src="https://ipfs.skatehive.app/ipfs/bafybeiflu3bt3btb3tdvcbyyrt7ekeyjld2vqdbfd6xh2fzkydj6bxqdye?filename=skatehive.gif" alt="keychain.gif" style={{ maxWidth: '480px', width: '100%' }} />
</center>
After approval in Keychain, you're in.

---

## Alternative: Create a Hive Account Yourself

Want to bring your own Hive wallet?

1. Install **Hive Keychain**
2. Visit [hiveonboard.com/create-account](https://hiveonboard.com/create-account)
3. Follow the steps to create your Hive account
4. Use your new account to log into Skatehive

---

## Watch the Video

Here’s a quick video walkthrough if you prefer learning visually:

<div style={{ display: 'flex', justifyContent: 'center', margin: '20px 0' }}>
  <video width="600" controls>
    <source src="https://ipfs.skatehive.app/ipfs/QmYuM1h51bddDuC44FoAQYp9FRF2CghCncULeS4T3bp727" type="video/mp4" />
    Your browser does not support the video tag.
  </video>
</div>

---

**Now you’re ready to skate the web. Welcome to the Hive.**
