docs/README.md, before:

---
position: 1
title: Skatehive Intro
icon: scroll
---

import BrowserOnly from '@docusaurus/BrowserOnly';

# Skatehive Intro

<div
    style={{
        display: 'flex',
        justifyContent: 'center',
        alignItems: 'center',
        flexDirection: 'column',
    }}
>
<BrowserOnly>
  {() => {
    const Animation = require('../src/components/frames.js').default;
    return <Animation />;
  }}
</BrowserOnly>
</div>

#### Overview

Skatehive is a revolutionary movement that shatters the outdated corporate-controlled media and sponsorship model, enabling skaters to self-sponsor, share, and collaborate as equals while building an independent, community-led network.

Most importantly, **Skatehive has no owner—every skater owns Skatehive**. By design, this community exists for its members, with no central authority or corporate oversight. Every participant plays a role in its evolution, making it a true skater-owned and skater-driven initiative.

#### A History of Technology Revolutionizing Skateboarding

Throughout skateboarding history, certain technological advancements have redefined the sport. The iconic VX1000 camera brought high-quality filming to the streets, making it a staple of skate culture. The advent of DVDs allowed skate videos to be distributed to wider audiences, while early internet platforms like mIRC servers enabled skaters to share rare video clips globally. Then came video transcoding, which made it easier to edit and share digital footage, and finally, Web 2.0 introduced social media and the ubiquitous share button on platforms like Instagram, forever changing how skaters connect and promote their content.

![Image](https://ipfs.skatehive.app/ipfs/QmSt5VnN6P4k3ja1D723F46GtpEzZnxcaZwMHqpv7saPri)

#### Enter Skatehive: The Next Leap

Now, Skatehive is taking the next step in this evolution by introducing a platform that not only allows skaters to create and share content but also rewards them for their contributions. With its decentralized model and innovative features, Skatehive is revolutionizing how skateboarders engage with media, offering a new way to interact, collaborate, and build together.

#### Public Goods and Community Support

Skatehive is designed to benefit everyone in the community. Whether you’re a skater uploading your latest trick, a videographer capturing unique moments, or a fan sharing feedback and ideas, your contributions are valued. Every interaction in the community—from creating content to engaging with others—adds value and helps strengthen the network of support that keeps the ecosystem thriving.

#### Decentralized Sponsorship Through Post Rewards

One of the standout features of Skatehive is its ability to offer decentralized sponsorship opportunities through post rewards. Skaters and content creators can gain support and recognition directly from the community, bypassing traditional sponsorship models. This approach ensures that any creator—no matter their location or following size—has the potential to receive support based on the value they bring to the community.

#### The Skatehive Magazine: "Infinity Mag"

The Skatehive App is more than just a platform; it’s a digital skateboard magazine where skaters contribute to the pages of its **Infinity Mag**. Each post, trick clip, or story shared within the app becomes part of a living, evolving publication created entirely by skaters, for skaters. This format not only allows contributors to build their own media presence but also rewards them for their contributions.

![Image](https://ipfs.skatehive.app/ipfs/QmPvSv7iRDrHJTxBpqeoyi5utA8QmgEUCuAiQ2JsYCGz4m)

Unlike traditional skateboard media, which is often controlled by a few large players, or big tech platforms like Instagram that prioritize algorithms over authenticity, Skatehive returns control to the skaters. Here, the community decides what deserves recognition, ensuring that creativity and passion are always prioritized over popularity metrics.

#### Challenging the Monopoly of Skateboard Media

For too long, the narrative in skateboarding has been shaped by a few centralized media outlets, while big tech platforms have commodified creators’ content without fairly compensating them. Skatehive aims to change this by offering a space where skaters can showcase their talent without needing to conform to the algorithms and restrictions of large platforms. Skaters on Skatehive become the storytellers, creators, and curators of their own magazine, ensuring that every voice has the opportunity to be heard and rewarded.

#### Open-Source Technology and a Growing Network

Although Skatehive has its own app, the technology behind it is completely open-source, designed to be cloned and adapted by any other skateboard community, skateshop, or local crew. This empowers a growing number of unique skateboard websites and frontends that can be built using Skatehive’s code, allowing the skater community to create their own digital spaces and build their own versions of Skatehive.

Everything created in these community-driven frontends is sent to Skatehive, which broadcasts it to multiple websites that read its blockchain. This ensures that no matter where a skater is contributing from, their content reaches the entire network, providing even more visibility and support opportunities.

![Image](https://ipfs.skatehive.app/ipfs/QmePbuFW6b86qDRbKXqpTr5rU8HKF6VRpboxiy9JH3Eujb)

#### Building Together

Skatehive isn’t just a platform; it’s a movement driven by the belief that skaters should have control over their own content and communities. Through collaborative projects, open communication, and shared goals, Skatehive empowers its members to build a vibrant ecosystem where skaters support skaters.

Whether you’re looking to find new connections, support emerging talent, or be part of a growing global community, Skatehive is the place to be. Join us, contribute, and help shape the future of skateboarding culture.

Commit message:

feat: prepare docs for LLM consumption (llms.txt standard)
Add complete infrastructure for AI-friendly documentation:

New Files:
- docs/skills.md - Machine-readable reference for AI agents with identity, contracts, platforms, repos, and tech stack
- static/robots.txt - LLM resource discovery per llmstxt.org standard
- LLM_SETUP_README.md - Complete guide for enabling llms.txt generation
- pnpm-lock.yaml - Lock file for pnpm package manager

Documentation Enhancements:
- Add description frontmatter to ALL 26 documentation files for AI discoverability
- Descriptions are keyword-rich, informative, and optimized for LLM queries
- Added 'For Bots' section to sidebar with skills.md

Plugin Configuration (Ready but Disabled):
- Install docusaurus-plugin-llms package
- Complete plugin config in docusaurus.config.js (commented out)
- Configured includeOrder matching Skatehive docs structure
- Configured customLLMFiles for targeted LLM retrieval:
  - llms-onboarding.txt (intro, account, getting started)
  - llms-features.txt (wallet, map, leaderboard, airdrop, etc.)
  - llms-developers.txt (forking, app features, Hive advanced)

Why Plugin is Disabled:
- Plugin requires Docusaurus 3.x
- Current version: 2.4.3
- Configuration ready to enable after upgrade

To Enable:
1. Upgrade: pnpm update @docusaurus/core@latest @docusaurus/preset-classic@latest
2. Uncomment plugin config in docusaurus.config.js
3. Build: pnpm build
4. Verify: ls -la build/llms*.txt

When enabled, AI agents can access:
- /llms.txt - Index of all docs with descriptions
- /llms-full.txt - Complete documentation in one file
- /llms-onboarding.txt - Getting started section
- /llms-features.txt - Platform features section
- /llms-developers.txt - Developer documentation section
- /docs/skills - Structured metadata page

Follows: https://llmstxt.org standard

docs/README.md, after:

---
position: 1
title: Skatehive Intro
icon: scroll
description: "Revolutionary Web3 skateboarding platform where skaters own the network, create content, and earn rewards. Skatehive is a decentralized, community-owned alternative to corporate skateboard media and big tech platforms."
---

import BrowserOnly from '@docusaurus/BrowserOnly';

# Skatehive Intro

<div
    style={{
        display: 'flex',
        justifyContent: 'center',
        alignItems: 'center',
        flexDirection: 'column',
    }}
>
<BrowserOnly>
  {() => {
    const Animation = require('../src/components/frames.js').default;
    return <Animation />;
  }}
</BrowserOnly>
</div>

#### Overview

Skatehive is a revolutionary movement that shatters the outdated corporate-controlled media and sponsorship model, enabling skaters to self-sponsor, share, and collaborate as equals while building an independent, community-led network.

Most importantly, **Skatehive has no owner—every skater owns Skatehive**. By design, this community exists for its members, with no central authority or corporate oversight. Every participant plays a role in its evolution, making it a true skater-owned and skater-driven initiative.

#### A History of Technology Revolutionizing Skateboarding

Throughout skateboarding history, certain technological advancements have redefined the sport. The iconic VX1000 camera brought high-quality filming to the streets, making it a staple of skate culture. The advent of DVDs allowed skate videos to be distributed to wider audiences, while early internet platforms like mIRC servers enabled skaters to share rare video clips globally. Then came video transcoding, which made it easier to edit and share digital footage, and finally, Web 2.0 introduced social media and the ubiquitous share button on platforms like Instagram, forever changing how skaters connect and promote their content.

![Image](https://ipfs.skatehive.app/ipfs/QmSt5VnN6P4k3ja1D723F46GtpEzZnxcaZwMHqpv7saPri)

#### Enter Skatehive: The Next Leap

Now, Skatehive is taking the next step in this evolution by introducing a platform that not only allows skaters to create and share content but also rewards them for their contributions. With its decentralized model and innovative features, Skatehive is revolutionizing how skateboarders engage with media, offering a new way to interact, collaborate, and build together.

#### Public Goods and Community Support

Skatehive is designed to benefit everyone in the community. Whether you’re a skater uploading your latest trick, a videographer capturing unique moments, or a fan sharing feedback and ideas, your contributions are valued. Every interaction in the community—from creating content to engaging with others—adds value and helps strengthen the network of support that keeps the ecosystem thriving.

#### Decentralized Sponsorship Through Post Rewards

One of the standout features of Skatehive is its ability to offer decentralized sponsorship opportunities through post rewards. Skaters and content creators can gain support and recognition directly from the community, bypassing traditional sponsorship models. This approach ensures that any creator—no matter their location or following size—has the potential to receive support based on the value they bring to the community.

#### The Skatehive Magazine: "Infinity Mag"

The Skatehive App is more than just a platform; it’s a digital skateboard magazine where skaters contribute to the pages of its **Infinity Mag**. Each post, trick clip, or story shared within the app becomes part of a living, evolving publication created entirely by skaters, for skaters. This format not only allows contributors to build their own media presence but also rewards them for their contributions.

![Image](https://ipfs.skatehive.app/ipfs/QmPvSv7iRDrHJTxBpqeoyi5utA8QmgEUCuAiQ2JsYCGz4m)

Unlike traditional skateboard media, which is often controlled by a few large players, or big tech platforms like Instagram that prioritize algorithms over authenticity, Skatehive returns control to the skaters. Here, the community decides what deserves recognition, ensuring that creativity and passion are always prioritized over popularity metrics.

#### Challenging the Monopoly of Skateboard Media

For too long, the narrative in skateboarding has been shaped by a few centralized media outlets, while big tech platforms have commodified creators’ content without fairly compensating them. Skatehive aims to change this by offering a space where skaters can showcase their talent without needing to conform to the algorithms and restrictions of large platforms. Skaters on Skatehive become the storytellers, creators, and curators of their own magazine, ensuring that every voice has the opportunity to be heard and rewarded.

#### Open-Source Technology and a Growing Network

Although Skatehive has its own app, the technology behind it is completely open-source, designed to be cloned and adapted by any other skateboard community, skateshop, or local crew. This empowers a growing number of unique skateboard websites and frontends that can be built using Skatehive’s code, allowing the skater community to create their own digital spaces and build their own versions of Skatehive.

Everything created in these community-driven frontends is sent to Skatehive, which broadcasts it to multiple websites that read its blockchain. This ensures that no matter where a skater is contributing from, their content reaches the entire network, providing even more visibility and support opportunities.

![Image](https://ipfs.skatehive.app/ipfs/QmePbuFW6b86qDRbKXqpTr5rU8HKF6VRpboxiy9JH3Eujb)

#### Building Together

Skatehive isn’t just a platform; it’s a movement driven by the belief that skaters should have control over their own content and communities. Through collaborative projects, open communication, and shared goals, Skatehive empowers its members to build a vibrant ecosystem where skaters support skaters.

Whether you’re looking to find new connections, support emerging talent, or be part of a growing global community, Skatehive is the place to be. Join us, contribute, and help shape the future of skateboarding culture.
